steward
interpret
gore
advancing
contentious
novice
eulogy
flagging
melange
overt
punctilious
feckless
tantamount to
feasible
dated
fighters
capricious
flabbergasted
swift
revivification
prioritize
doggedly
a confounding
idiosyncratic
ironically
depict
famine
conjectural
tragically
counseling, indicting
cunning, subterfuge
overt, transparent
vivacious, mirthful
partiality, equity
silence, chastity
sycophants, sirens
placid, pacific
dessicated, wizened 
risible, farcical
sprint, gallivant
passe, archaic
unseemly, ignominious
mired, bogged down
teeming, abounding
curtailing, undermining
myriad, plethora
ramshackle, dilapidated 
myrmidon, devotee
impasse, stalemate
torturous, excruciating
champion, proponent
forte, strong suit
novelty, innovation
exotic, arcane
acculturation, assimilation
spurious, specious
innocent, guileless
delineate, stipulate
heinous, flagitious
naive callow
torpid, sedulous
penetrating, dialectical
wholly, full-bore
penitential, pious
flag, ebb
skeptical, leery
naive, innocent
apocryphal, spurious
contemptible, scurvy
lax, slack
dupe, quack
dally, tarry
aliases, appellations
indigenous, native
capricious, impropmtu
equivocate, divagate
reneged, deposed
slight, glib
meddling, treachery
ubiquity, omnipresence
implicit, tacit
extraneous, peripheral
confounded, flummoxed
sweeping, generalized
plaudits, capital
vindicate, exculpate
beguiled by, enamored with
conviction, sangfroid
a nascent, an incipient
bolstered, buttressed
clamor, rabble
adroit, ingenuous
trite, hackneyed
overwhelms, saturates
undermined, thwarted




